docs/api/calendar-events/UseDragDropOptions.md, before:

# Interface: UseDragDropOptions

Defined in: [types/events.ts:260](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/9a730b39418dd9b987039719025c6e01611f225e/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/events.ts#L260)

Configuration options for the `useDragDrop` hook.

## Events

### onDragEnd()?

> `optional` **onDragEnd**: (`event`) => `void`

Defined in: [types/events.ts:280](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/9a730b39418dd9b987039719025c6e01611f225e/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/events.ts#L280)

A callback function that is invoked when a drag operation ends.

#### Parameters

##### event

[`CalendarEvent`](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/CalendarEvent)

The event that was dragged.

#### Returns

`void`

***

### onDragStart()?

> `optional` **onDragStart**: (`event`) => `void`

Defined in: [types/events.ts:274](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/9a730b39418dd9b987039719025c6e01611f225e/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/events.ts#L274)

A callback function that is invoked when a drag operation starts.

#### Parameters

##### event

[`CalendarEvent`](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/CalendarEvent)

The event being dragged.

#### Returns

`void`

***

### onDrop()?

> `optional` **onDrop**: (`event`, `target`) => `void`

Defined in: [types/events.ts:287](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/9a730b39418dd9b987039719025c6e01611f225e/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/events.ts#L287)

A callback function that is invoked when an event is dropped on a valid target.

#### Parameters

##### event

[`CalendarEvent`](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/CalendarEvent)

The event that was dropped.

##### target

[`DropTarget`](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/DropTarget)

The target where the event was dropped.

#### Returns

`void`

***

### onEventMove()?

> `optional` **onEventMove**: (`eventId`, `newStart`, `newEnd`) => `void`

Defined in: [types/events.ts:268](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/9a730b39418dd9b987039719025c6e01611f225e/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/events.ts#L268)

A callback function that is invoked when an event is moved via drag and drop.

#### Parameters

##### eventId

`string`

The ID of the moved event.

##### newStart

`Date`

The new start date and time of the event.

##### newEnd

`Date`

The new end date and time of the event.

#### Returns

`void`

Commit message:

docs updated title and description added and api navigation is changed to view hooks first and then rest

docs/api/calendar-events/UseDragDropOptions.md, after:

---
title: Use Drag Drop Options
description: |-
  Defines the configuration options for the 
   hook, including callback functions for drag and drop events.
---

# Interface: UseDragDropOptions

Defined in: [types/events.ts:266](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/184198efa3f566732cc9638ed7e00060c7790d61/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/events.ts#L266)

Configuration options for the `useDragDrop` hook.

## Events

### onDragEnd()?

> `optional` **onDragEnd**: (`event`) => `void`

Defined in: [types/events.ts:286](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/184198efa3f566732cc9638ed7e00060c7790d61/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/events.ts#L286)

A callback function that is invoked when a drag operation ends.

#### Parameters

##### event

[`CalendarEvent`](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/CalendarEvent)

The event that was dragged.

#### Returns

`void`

***

### onDragStart()?

> `optional` **onDragStart**: (`event`) => `void`

Defined in: [types/events.ts:280](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/184198efa3f566732cc9638ed7e00060c7790d61/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/events.ts#L280)

A callback function that is invoked when a drag operation starts.

#### Parameters

##### event

[`CalendarEvent`](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/CalendarEvent)

The event being dragged.

#### Returns

`void`

***

### onDrop()?

> `optional` **onDrop**: (`event`, `target`) => `void`

Defined in: [types/events.ts:293](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/184198efa3f566732cc9638ed7e00060c7790d61/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/events.ts#L293)

A callback function that is invoked when an event is dropped on a valid target.

#### Parameters

##### event

[`CalendarEvent`](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/CalendarEvent)

The event that was dropped.

##### target

[`DropTarget`](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/DropTarget)

The target where the event was dropped.

#### Returns

`void`

***

### onEventMove()?

> `optional` **onEventMove**: (`eventId`, `newStart`, `newEnd`) => `void`

Defined in: [types/events.ts:274](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/184198efa3f566732cc9638ed7e00060c7790d61/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/events.ts#L274)

A callback function that is invoked when an event is moved via drag and drop.

#### Parameters

##### eventId

`string`

The ID of the moved event.

##### newStart

`Date`

The new start date and time of the event.

##### newEnd

`Date`

The new end date and time of the event.

#### Returns

`void`
