docs/api/calendar/TimeSlot.md, before:

# Interface: TimeSlot

Defined in: [types/calendar.ts:8](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/9a730b39418dd9b987039719025c6e01611f225e/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/calendar.ts#L8)

Represents a single time slot in a day view.

## Properties

### hour

> **hour**: `number`

Defined in: [types/calendar.ts:12](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/9a730b39418dd9b987039719025c6e01611f225e/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/calendar.ts#L12)

The hour of the time slot (0-23).

***

### label

> **label**: `string`

Defined in: [types/calendar.ts:24](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/9a730b39418dd9b987039719025c6e01611f225e/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/calendar.ts#L24)

A formatted label for the time slot (e.g., "9:00 AM").

***

### minute

> **minute**: `number`

Defined in: [types/calendar.ts:16](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/9a730b39418dd9b987039719025c6e01611f225e/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/calendar.ts#L16)

The minute of the time slot (0-59).

***

### time

> **time**: `string`

Defined in: [types/calendar.ts:20](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/9a730b39418dd9b987039719025c6e01611f225e/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/calendar.ts#L20)

The time in "HH:mm" format.

Commit message:

docs updated title and description added and api navigation is changed to view hooks first and then rest

docs/api/calendar/TimeSlot.md, after:

---
title: Time Slot
description: Represents a single time slot in a day view.
---

# Interface: TimeSlot

Defined in: [types/calendar.ts:10](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/184198efa3f566732cc9638ed7e00060c7790d61/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/calendar.ts#L10)

Represents a single time slot in a day view.

## Properties

### hour

> **hour**: `number`

Defined in: [types/calendar.ts:14](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/184198efa3f566732cc9638ed7e00060c7790d61/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/calendar.ts#L14)

The hour of the time slot (0-23).

***

### label

> **label**: `string`

Defined in: [types/calendar.ts:26](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/184198efa3f566732cc9638ed7e00060c7790d61/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/calendar.ts#L26)

A formatted label for the time slot (e.g., "9:00 AM").

***

### minute

> **minute**: `number`

Defined in: [types/calendar.ts:18](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/184198efa3f566732cc9638ed7e00060c7790d61/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/calendar.ts#L18)

The minute of the time slot (0-59).

***

### time

> **time**: `string`

Defined in: [types/calendar.ts:22](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/184198efa3f566732cc9638ed7e00060c7790d61/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/calendar.ts#L22)

The time in "HH:mm" format.
