docs/api/navigation/UseNavigationReturn.md, before:

# Interface: UseNavigationReturn

Defined in: [types/views.ts:112](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/9a730b39418dd9b987039719025c6e01611f225e/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/views.ts#L112)

## Properties

### canGoNext

> **canGoNext**: `boolean`

Defined in: [types/views.ts:156](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/9a730b39418dd9b987039719025c6e01611f225e/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/views.ts#L156)

Indicates if navigation to the next period is possible.

***

### canGoPrevious

> **canGoPrevious**: `boolean`

Defined in: [types/views.ts:161](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/9a730b39418dd9b987039719025c6e01611f225e/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/views.ts#L161)

Indicates if navigation to the previous period is possible.

***

### changeView()

> **changeView**: (`view`) => `void`

Defined in: [types/views.ts:151](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/9a730b39418dd9b987039719025c6e01611f225e/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/views.ts#L151)

**`Function`**

Changes the current view of the calendar (e.g., 'month', 'week', 'day').

#### Parameters

##### view

[`ViewType`](/calendar/docs/api/navigation/ViewType)

The new view to set.

#### Returns

`void`

#### See

[ViewType](/calendar/docs/api/navigation/ViewType)

***

### currentDate

> **currentDate**: `Date`

Defined in: [types/views.ts:117](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/9a730b39418dd9b987039719025c6e01611f225e/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/views.ts#L117)

The currently selected date in the calendar.

***

### goToDate()

> **goToDate**: (`date`) => `void`

Defined in: [types/views.ts:144](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/9a730b39418dd9b987039719025c6e01611f225e/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/views.ts#L144)

**`Function`**

Navigates the calendar to a specific date.

#### Parameters

##### date

`Date`

The date to navigate to.

#### Returns

`void`

***

### goToNext()

> **goToNext**: () => `void`

Defined in: [types/views.ts:128](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/9a730b39418dd9b987039719025c6e01611f225e/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/views.ts#L128)

**`Function`**

Navigates the calendar to the next period (day, week, or month depending on the current view).

#### Returns

`void`

***

### goToPrevious()

> **goToPrevious**: () => `void`

Defined in: [types/views.ts:133](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/9a730b39418dd9b987039719025c6e01611f225e/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/views.ts#L133)

**`Function`**

Navigates the calendar to the previous period (day, week, or month depending on the current view).

#### Returns

`void`

***

### goToToday()

> **goToToday**: () => `void`

Defined in: [types/views.ts:138](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/9a730b39418dd9b987039719025c6e01611f225e/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/views.ts#L138)

**`Function`**

Navigates the calendar to today's date.

#### Returns

`void`

***

### view

> **view**: [`ViewType`](/calendar/docs/api/navigation/ViewType)

Defined in: [types/views.ts:123](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/9a730b39418dd9b987039719025c6e01611f225e/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/views.ts#L123)

The current view of the calendar (e.g., 'month', 'week', 'day').

#### See

[ViewType](/calendar/docs/api/navigation/ViewType)

Commit message:

docs updated title and description added and api navigation is changed to view hooks first and then rest

docs/api/navigation/UseNavigationReturn.md, after:

---
title: Use Navigation Return
description: |-
  The return object of the 
   hook, providing access to the current date, view, and functions for navigating the calendar.
---

# Interface: UseNavigationReturn

Defined in: [types/views.ts:124](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/184198efa3f566732cc9638ed7e00060c7790d61/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/views.ts#L124)

## Properties

### canGoNext

> **canGoNext**: `boolean`

Defined in: [types/views.ts:168](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/184198efa3f566732cc9638ed7e00060c7790d61/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/views.ts#L168)

Indicates if navigation to the next period is possible.

***

### canGoPrevious

> **canGoPrevious**: `boolean`

Defined in: [types/views.ts:173](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/184198efa3f566732cc9638ed7e00060c7790d61/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/views.ts#L173)

Indicates if navigation to the previous period is possible.

***

### changeView()

> **changeView**: (`view`) => `void`

Defined in: [types/views.ts:163](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/184198efa3f566732cc9638ed7e00060c7790d61/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/views.ts#L163)

**`Function`**

Changes the current view of the calendar (e.g., 'month', 'week', 'day').

#### Parameters

##### view

[`ViewType`](/calendar/docs/api/navigation/ViewType)

The new view to set.

#### Returns

`void`

#### See

[ViewType](/calendar/docs/api/navigation/ViewType)

***

### currentDate

> **currentDate**: `Date`

Defined in: [types/views.ts:129](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/184198efa3f566732cc9638ed7e00060c7790d61/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/views.ts#L129)

The currently selected date in the calendar.

***

### goToDate()

> **goToDate**: (`date`) => `void`

Defined in: [types/views.ts:156](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/184198efa3f566732cc9638ed7e00060c7790d61/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/views.ts#L156)

**`Function`**

Navigates the calendar to a specific date.

#### Parameters

##### date

`Date`

The date to navigate to.

#### Returns

`void`

***

### goToNext()

> **goToNext**: () => `void`

Defined in: [types/views.ts:140](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/184198efa3f566732cc9638ed7e00060c7790d61/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/views.ts#L140)

**`Function`**

Navigates the calendar to the next period (day, week, or month depending on the current view).

#### Returns

`void`

***

### goToPrevious()

> **goToPrevious**: () => `void`

Defined in: [types/views.ts:145](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/184198efa3f566732cc9638ed7e00060c7790d61/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/views.ts#L145)

**`Function`**

Navigates the calendar to the previous period (day, week, or month depending on the current view).

#### Returns

`void`

***

### goToToday()

> **goToToday**: () => `void`

Defined in: [types/views.ts:150](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/184198efa3f566732cc9638ed7e00060c7790d61/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/views.ts#L150)

**`Function`**

Navigates the calendar to today's date.

#### Returns

`void`

***

### view

> **view**: [`ViewType`](/calendar/docs/api/navigation/ViewType)

Defined in: [types/views.ts:135](https://github.com/VerbPatch/headless-calendar/blob/184198efa3f566732cc9638ed7e00060c7790d61/packages/headless-calendar/src/types/views.ts#L135)

The current view of the calendar (e.g., 'month', 'week', 'day').

#### See

[ViewType](/calendar/docs/api/navigation/ViewType)
