docs/api/calendar.md, before:

# @verbpatch/headless-calendar

## calendar

- [CalendarInstance](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/CalendarInstance)
- [CalendarOptions](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/CalendarOptions)
- [CalendarUtils](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/CalendarUtils)
- [DropTarget](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/DropTarget)
- [TimeSlot](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/TimeSlot)
- [calculateWeekNumber](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/calculateWeekNumber)
- [formatTimeSlotLabel](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/formatTimeSlotLabel)
- [getCalendarBounds](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/getCalendarBounds)
- [getMonthCalendarDates](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/getMonthCalendarDates)
- [getQuarterDates](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/getQuarterDates)
- [getTimeSlots](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/getTimeSlots)
- [getWeekDates](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/getWeekDates)
- [getWeeksInMonth](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/getWeeksInMonth)
- [getYearRange](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/getYearRange)

## calendar-events

- [CalendarEvent](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/CalendarEvent)
- [CalendarEventOccurance](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/CalendarEventOccurance)
- [DraggedEvent](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/DraggedEvent)
- [UseDragDropOptions](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/UseDragDropOptions)
- [UseDragDropReturn](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/UseDragDropReturn)
- [UseEventsOptions](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/UseEventsOptions)
- [UseEventsReturn](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/UseEventsReturn)
- [cloneEvent](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/cloneEvent)
- [generateId](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/generateId)
- [getEventDuration](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/getEventDuration)
- [getEventsAtTime](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/getEventsAtTime)
- [getEventsForDate](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/getEventsForDate)
- [getEventsForDateRange](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/getEventsForDateRange)
- [getOverlappingEvents](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/getOverlappingEvents)
- [isAllDayEvent](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/isAllDayEvent)
- [isEventInDateRange](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/isEventInDateRange)
- [isMultiDayEvent](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/isMultiDayEvent)
- [sortEventsByStartTime](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/sortEventsByStartTime)
- [validateEvent](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/validateEvent)

## dateTime-helper

- [addDays](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/addDays)
- [addMonths](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/addMonths)
- [addWeeks](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/addWeeks)
- [addYears](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/addYears)
- [dateTimeInBetween](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/dateTimeInBetween)
- [formatDate](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/formatDate)
- [formatDateTime](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/formatDateTime)
- [getDay](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/getDay)
- [getDaysBetween](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/getDaysBetween)
- [getDaysInMonth](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/getDaysInMonth)
- [getEndOfDay](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/getEndOfDay)
- [getEndOfMonth](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/getEndOfMonth)
- [getEndOfWeek](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/getEndOfWeek)
- [getStartOfDay](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/getStartOfDay)
- [getStartOfMonth](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/getStartOfMonth)
- [getStartOfWeek](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/getStartOfWeek)
- [isFuture](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/isFuture)
- [isPast](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/isPast)
- [isSameDay](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/isSameDay)
- [isSameMonth](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/isSameMonth)
- [isSameWeek](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/isSameWeek)
- [isToday](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/isToday)
- [isWeekend](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/isWeekend)
- [parseDate](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/parseDate)
- [subtractDays](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/subtractDays)
- [subtractMonths](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/subtractMonths)
- [subtractWeeks](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/subtractWeeks)

## hooks

- [useCalendar](/calendar/docs/api/hooks/useCalendar)
- [useDragDrop](/calendar/docs/api/hooks/useDragDrop)
- [useEvents](/calendar/docs/api/hooks/useEvents)
- [useNavigation](/calendar/docs/api/hooks/useNavigation)

## navigation

- [DayData](/calendar/docs/api/navigation/DayData)
- [MonthData](/calendar/docs/api/navigation/MonthData)
- [UseNavigationOptions](/calendar/docs/api/navigation/UseNavigationOptions)
- [UseNavigationReturn](/calendar/docs/api/navigation/UseNavigationReturn)
- [WeekData](/calendar/docs/api/navigation/WeekData)
- [ViewType](/calendar/docs/api/navigation/ViewType)

Commit message:

year view with basic example and docs updated

docs/api/calendar.md, after:

# @verbpatch/headless-calendar

## calendar

- [CalendarInstance](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/CalendarInstance)
- [CalendarOptions](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/CalendarOptions)
- [CalendarUtils](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/CalendarUtils)
- [DropTarget](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/DropTarget)
- [TimeSlot](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/TimeSlot)
- [calculateWeekNumber](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/calculateWeekNumber)
- [formatTimeSlotLabel](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/formatTimeSlotLabel)
- [getCalendarBounds](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/getCalendarBounds)
- [getMonthCalendarDates](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/getMonthCalendarDates)
- [getQuarterDates](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/getQuarterDates)
- [getTimeSlots](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/getTimeSlots)
- [getWeekDates](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/getWeekDates)
- [getWeeksInMonth](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/getWeeksInMonth)
- [getYearCalendarDays](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/getYearCalendarDays)
- [getYearRange](/calendar/docs/api/calendar/getYearRange)

## calendar-events

- [CalendarEvent](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/CalendarEvent)
- [CalendarEventOccurance](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/CalendarEventOccurance)
- [DraggedEvent](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/DraggedEvent)
- [UseDragDropOptions](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/UseDragDropOptions)
- [UseDragDropReturn](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/UseDragDropReturn)
- [UseEventsOptions](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/UseEventsOptions)
- [UseEventsReturn](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/UseEventsReturn)
- [cloneEvent](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/cloneEvent)
- [generateId](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/generateId)
- [getEventDuration](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/getEventDuration)
- [getEventsAtTime](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/getEventsAtTime)
- [getEventsForDate](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/getEventsForDate)
- [getEventsForDateRange](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/getEventsForDateRange)
- [getOverlappingEvents](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/getOverlappingEvents)
- [isAllDayEvent](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/isAllDayEvent)
- [isEventInDateRange](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/isEventInDateRange)
- [isMultiDayEvent](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/isMultiDayEvent)
- [sortEventsByStartTime](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/sortEventsByStartTime)
- [validateEvent](/calendar/docs/api/calendar-events/validateEvent)

## dateTime-helper

- [addDays](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/addDays)
- [addMonths](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/addMonths)
- [addWeeks](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/addWeeks)
- [addYears](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/addYears)
- [dateTimeInBetween](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/dateTimeInBetween)
- [formatDate](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/formatDate)
- [formatDateTime](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/formatDateTime)
- [getDay](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/getDay)
- [getDaysBetween](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/getDaysBetween)
- [getDaysInMonth](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/getDaysInMonth)
- [getEndOfDay](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/getEndOfDay)
- [getEndOfMonth](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/getEndOfMonth)
- [getEndOfWeek](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/getEndOfWeek)
- [getEndOfYear](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/getEndOfYear)
- [getStartOfDay](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/getStartOfDay)
- [getStartOfMonth](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/getStartOfMonth)
- [getStartOfWeek](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/getStartOfWeek)
- [getStartOfYear](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/getStartOfYear)
- [isFuture](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/isFuture)
- [isPast](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/isPast)
- [isSameDay](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/isSameDay)
- [isSameMonth](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/isSameMonth)
- [isSameWeek](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/isSameWeek)
- [isSameYear](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/isSameYear)
- [isToday](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/isToday)
- [isWeekend](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/isWeekend)
- [parseDate](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/parseDate)
- [subtractDays](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/subtractDays)
- [subtractMonths](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/subtractMonths)
- [subtractWeeks](/calendar/docs/api/dateTime-helper/subtractWeeks)

## hooks

- [useCalendar](/calendar/docs/api/hooks/useCalendar)
- [useDragDrop](/calendar/docs/api/hooks/useDragDrop)
- [useEvents](/calendar/docs/api/hooks/useEvents)
- [useNavigation](/calendar/docs/api/hooks/useNavigation)

## navigation

- [DayData](/calendar/docs/api/navigation/DayData)
- [MonthData](/calendar/docs/api/navigation/MonthData)
- [UseNavigationOptions](/calendar/docs/api/navigation/UseNavigationOptions)
- [UseNavigationReturn](/calendar/docs/api/navigation/UseNavigationReturn)
- [WeekData](/calendar/docs/api/navigation/WeekData)
- [YearData](/calendar/docs/api/navigation/YearData)
- [ViewType](/calendar/docs/api/navigation/ViewType)
